Shwetha morning's a full 5 we've got a
special edition of first day with kelly
Kikaider rightfully so Kelly Kincaid
good morning here cuz just think you
need this need the segment I think it's
very important over there sniffing and
coughing well you know is you know
morning citizens years ago my partner my
partner cleantech on the west coast
decided to take meat out of his diet
this is in the 90s and in order to do it
he had to go through a process of think
he had to take some coal I want to say
silver okay but what he did is he did a
clintus taking about the silver all
right but he did something with coal and
he took a bunch of and he started really
invested in products that was provided
by dr. sadie pathologist herbalist
biochemist and naturalist and he lived
by that and so i started taking some of
the product as well and at that point we
were probably the healthiest we were in
our lives you know now it's 2018 and we
have a really special guest with us
today mrs. dr. say B she's the wife of
the legend doctor say B good morning and
we also have dishing with us as well
good morning thank you for coming to the
show you know so you were talking about
what you are you and your partner were
practicing and with what we're doing in
first aid I'm a really big advocate for
natural healing and herbs and and really
I because I was hit by a drunk driver
and hit by a car a couple of years ago I
understood the power of the body and I
think it's so important to bring people
like yourself to come and talk about it
and give another side of your body of
health because you can I'm a believer
that and I know a lot of people that are
listening that are in terms and we need
to know a little bit more about it
because some people some people they do
it wrong and you know we're still
learning and stuff so thank you for
coming to the show today yes and you
know we talked about your missus doctor
say be doctor say be he was um some
people say he was murdered but he died a
couple of years ago and it was it was a
conspirator people say it was a
conspiracy who was doctor Savior who is
doctor say because he still lives on and
I would love to talk about what would
happen a couple of years ago to him
because I was not present at the moment
I don't know exactly what happened but I
feel that there were some folks involved
that helped to create his demise mm-hmm
well and what was what the news reported
was he was involved in a money
laundering laundering scheme and he was
jailed they found him they arrested him
with some money and he was in that he
was jailed and died while in prison
while he was being escorted well the
money that was our money you know my
husband was in his 80s he didn't want to
walk with us remembering no PIN numbers
and all of that right so usually when we
had our crew together we would you know
submit paperwork showing you know how he
has cash in his hand you know whether
it's to pay salaries or do maintenance
on our Healing Center in Honduras and
the folks who he had put in charge so I
don't know really what happened they
never provided that paperwork for him my
you know when you're leaving the country
you always have you know when you're
leaving the country you always have to
show proof of all right you know if you
have a certain amount of money over you
know over $10,000 right right and no
matter what country you're going to or
leaving from if you are over that amount
and you don't have proof they arrest you
or you know they try and figure out what
that money comes from when my family
were in the office his daughter's Ave
and Lucia and Pat when they were there
they would always provide that document
before he left and so when they weren't
in the office anymore that document
wasn't being provided for
so when time came to show it he didn't
have it and basically the document was
never sent until after he had died right
and the thing is that what's so
frustrating is that uh that's something
that you could have easily called an
accountant and had them do it like
overnight you know and people will say
oh well where were the family well my
cousin Lucia called and um asked the
jailer you know what could we do to get
him out they said all we just needed
that paper we don't even want him here
in jail you know and so she called to
you know the office to see where they
can get it and no one responded so
basically it was sent after he died and
I still send my condolences to you
because I know it's there every day but
she still lived with that but I like I
said his his legacy still lives on lives
on what one of the things that appealed
to me to us about sell food cleansers
was reading up on the work that you guys
have been doing as a family and the
possibility of having cures for
sickle-cell blindness on AIDS lupus
diabetes herpes all of these different
ailments that plague our society that we
don't understand why in 2018 we could
send people supposedly to outer space
but we can't cure something else simple
as a common cold it is okay every
disease is curable what it is is that
the body over proliferates mucus and it
and that mucus is you know it appears
because of the fact we're eating the
wrong things we you cannot eat like for
instance dead things and expect your
body to respond in you know in a
positive way because once something dies
it begins to deteriorate rotten turns
the inflammation and result uric acid
and that acid begins to eat us up now
our body is trying to protect the cells
so it over produces mucus and and then
that becomes like a catch-22
now you can't breathe is too much mucus
in the body plugs up your lungs your
Broncos
cetera and the mucus is a carrier of
disease correct it's the it's a great
bed for bacteria viruses Oh anything
what was it about you guys's research
that was so feared by the medical
community where where you guys will be
taking the court and Sue because of four
grounds of practicing without a license
and only what was it that you found you
think well they said that we were making
false claims that it was not true
but we proved that it was true aids
cancer diabetes herpes lupus blindness
paralysis etc and I - I cured by
accident huh I didn't give that lady
anything for her eyes she she came from
Egypt
her name is Zeynep I can say this
because she testified in a lecture well
several years and years ago and I gave
her a treatment she said that she
weren't feeling well when I gave her the
treatment she told me she was only going
to the bathroom one time a day now if
you know my therapy you'll be going 3-4
times so I made a special cleanser for
her and when I gave it to her after
using it after three days upon using it
she called me and she said you know miss
Abbey I'm seeing shadows when my knees
started buckling immediately I said
we're going to jail we're gonna be oh my
god I made it too strong now the lady
seeing shadows but going to do so then
well because I take my own herbs I kept
a lucam sat down on my stool in the
kitchen and I said I'm XenApp what is
this you mean you're seeing shadows she
said Miss a bee I didn't tell you I was
blind I didn't give that lady anything
for her eyes you see the make to have
great focus you have to clean the gut
when you clean the gut your focus
becomes clearer you know these are just
the lens they're ours yeah okay but it
comes from here from the gut it has to
be clean in order for you to have you
know folks
and she s ik actually has a similar
story with HIV yeah yeah I didn't even
know he had HIV he just told me he
wasn't feeling good he was feeling weak
and so I gave him a treatment and after
three months he came back and told me he
he is HIV negative he didn't tell me
that he was HIV positive
uh-huh but after three months of taking
the therapy he went and got tested
double negative so all these clowns who
um have cured HIV lupus cancer AIDS
sickle-cell blindness diabetes epilepsy
you have case studies you have people
who are walking around that there oh
definitely yeah that could say I was the
guy with lupus I went through their
treatment and now I don't have lupus
yeah we can ask someone remember Michael
Jackson's babysitter manage grace Rwanda
the only reason why I'm calling her name
because we don't usually everybody is
confidential but she testified in one of
our lectures years ago and so that's why
I can call her name she had lupus and
within four days the pain was gone with
reporters within four days because we're
really dissolving the inflammation that
caused the pain mm-hmm and also
nourishing the brain and central nervous
trest nourishing the reproductive organs
etc missus say be have you ever and I
know you have a lot of clients people
who are listening out here who were
feeling sick and bad have you ever had
any cases that it didn't work or cuz I I
would be listening yes a lot of hope
yes um what about people that attend
lower it didn't work what was the what
would you tell them one of my first
clients who the herbs did not work as
she was in the hospital and never opened
a bottle so she didn't take any so it
didn't work for her mrs. a beyond coffin
right what are you gonna give me this is
called Lupul Oh
oh yeah that's about you know and I'm
just gonna put like about two teaspoons
in there for you okay you might want to
put three for me no no that's trust me
and so what does this do what does it
call
it's called Lupul oh it cuts
inflammation so you'll be able to
breathe a little better is it about
always her consistency about it and and
if someone wanted to reach out to you
you do have a new center that is opening
correct and website yeah but not yet
right now we're in the process of
putting it together and of course you
know that takes money and because of the
situation I mean I can't just do it like
that so little by little we'll do it and
eventually open one day I'm even looking
for hot water properties in the
Caribbean so we can open a healing
center
how can people reach you right now to
get products we can go to my web to my
main distribution center which is um
International herbal products calm its
int L H er ba l PR OD UC TS calm or if
you on the East Coast you could go to
our daughters website which is next gen
Herbal Products calm next June like
generations like generation for sure
horrible products are calm your nephew
is here to how you say your name again
don't go do sink oh okay cool also if
you'd like personal consultation with
Missy B you can call five six one two
nine four seven six five nine and to get
scheduled for a personal consultation
with her uh you know you gotta say that
nobody no five six one two nine four
seven six five nine again five six one
two nine four seven six five nine she's
also on Instagram and Facebook okay cool
I'm gonna take a few callers you mind
taking any calls
right we got Jenny from Miami solo
morning good morning good morning good
morning
I heard you mentioned that colloidal
silver is dangerous a little bit earlier
yes so I got a little bit concerned
because I think I had used it in the
remedy before and I have was just
wondering what we should be careful
about it for and I also had a question
about neuropathy and my daughter is
teasing she has four teeth coming in
from the top okay so you remember
everything okay so let's start with the
colloidal silver it is an inorganic
substance it cannot assimilate into the
body it would go in there and do
destruction if you want silver I can
tell you that you can appease the plant
for that one of the plants that are
really armed high in minerals
whether it's silver gold copper carbonic
cetera would be CMOS that would be a
plan that would assimilate into the body
and you would be able to get all the
minerals you need but an inorganic form
of that it will it will how you call it
it will debilitate your blood then
eventually breaking your immune system
down and that's not what you want it
interferes with your lymphatics as well
and also it damages your liver and
kidneys I know this because I was
hard-headed even though she told me not
to you know I even though you know we
were brought up with a certain protocol
of things not to do and to do and so I
myself I tried it you know just to see
what it was like and I tried it for a
couple months and I have to say it did
help with like colds and things like
that but I went to the doctor and it
actually lowered my kidney function and
I had to use seem lost and bladder wrack
to help repair it exactly and there are
some cases where people actually will
come up with
blue bumps under skin so yeah it's that
there's a really big reason what my
uncle said never to use it and therefore
her kid that's teething so she just rub
some some whiskey on the gums or
something honorable I think it's a
underrated but it you should not do that
with the baby let's see what you can do
you can still breastfeed are you still
breastfeeding no no she didn't want to
anymore oh wow yeah and she has like a
lot of ice coming out of her nose which
I figured is from the teething what
what's a formula what is a formula you
give her she drinks the purple I'm sorry
it's a purple label the Enfamil Anthony
yeah well the base of that was soy and
it's very dangerous soy is even worse
it's like one element away from plastic
it will cover her long yes that is why
she has a lot of mucus eventually it
will invade the Broncos as well and her
brain and central nervous she's very
irritable mmm not really only when she's
hungry yeah okay well there is a
compound we may call ban Zhu ba NJ you
that will help to cut the inflammation
as well in the in in the baby right but
you must change the formula in fact you
can get the CMOS and bladderwrack mix
and you can you know make a formula with
that for the baby or go on your website
once again give up the website
information website international Herbal
Products calm and int L herbal products
calm and also next-gen like generation
for sure herbal products dot-com okay
thanks for your call we're gonna we're
gonna have we're gonna have Randall on
the live from Atlanta
Randall good morning how are you
good morning great a great on thank you
for taking my call my wife's 45 years
old she's a nurse and she's been been
diagnosed recently with rheumatoid
arthritis it's very debilitating and
painful she's been given prednisone and
a number of other very expensive liver
toxic medicines I'm very concerned about
her long-term health as a young woman
who could do everything who's now on
medicine constantly and in excruciating
pain what what are some things naturally
or that then she might want to consider
in lieu of prednisone tramadol and other
things that seem to just be masking the
pain and not treating the condition we
have a therapy that is for rheumatoid
arthritis it is an intracellular
chelation and bio mineral balance it
also comes with a Rob that we made that
helps to reduce the pain externally but
however we must go inside to remove the
inflammation break up the calcification
that's developing in her joints etc and
simultaneously we need to strengthen her
immune system in system purifying her
blood and straightening her lymphatics
and her skin however right now if you
can get some CMOS and bladderwrack
mix from all from any one of the two web
sites it will begin to help word
bladderwrack
it's it's it's CMOS and bladderwrack mix
it's an open cell yes
CMOS and bladderwrack mix it has 92
minerals in CMOS and our body contained
like a hundred and two so it's like
nature's whole food and it will if she
were to drink a cup in the morning and a
cup in the evening for at least seven
days I guarantee you that the pain would
begin to subside but I would recommend
she take an intracellular chelation so
we could remove the the plaque as well
that's developing on her joints I
Randall
on the next-gen website is that where I
can find these these items you can find
it on international herbal products calm
as well int L Randall thanks for your
call your citizen a swale citizen Brenda
I would love to please get that I would
love for you to call back and give us
some progress on that
Tracy G hey really quickly hi mrs. dr.
Stevie I'm wondering a lot of people
there go to herbal remedy for combating
life's daily stress is marijuana how you
feel about that good ganja well it is a
great plant it is a great plant it's a
blessing to us and I hope that
everywhere would legalize it because
I'll tell you what it's great for the
brain and central nervous you can SAP
your joints with it if there's pain etc
there are so many uses that it has and
now you you know it can make clothes it
even they even make bricks out of them
now breathable concrete yeah hempcrete
hempcrete so it is a great plant and I
think that we should use it okay and
really really quickly if you could just
give us your starting five lineup of
herbs or vegetables whatever you think
like the top 5 that you love what would
they be CMOS boo doc yellow doc lily of
the valley the balm of Gilead vegetables
what vegetables aren't good for you like
broccoli let's talk about rock well have
you ever been to the jungle and see a
broccoli patch anywhere hhor-- does not
plant things in rows and squares so I
would think a natural green for a
natural green plant for you would be the
Ameren plant they call it also in the
islands they call it bhaji
or cal jamaican callaloo it really is
the Ameren plant and it's that's a great
green as opposed to broccoli shows
broccoli man-made or of course it is oh
okay like I said you can't find it in
the wild anyway you would only see it in
someone's garden it's a little less
dangerous but turning the channel no
broccoli it's even listen though they
have broccoli flower how about that
cauliflower when I was I'll actually
come from wildin cabbage plant and they
were hybrid over a period of time okay
well I'm gonna take one more call or
Kris from Michigan who actually works in
the medical field good morning Chris how
you doing good good how are you doing
well man say hello to mrs. Tsai be go
ahead you have a question yeah no I'm in
the I'm in the medical I'm actually a
medical researcher here I have my PhD
from yield them and I don't know I think
this is all just a bunch of bunk science
to me I don't really I mean I I
understand you know that these natural
things are supposed to help you you know
live with a little healthier but there's
no way you're about to cure you know
AIDS and cancer listen so much we still
have to you know we're still finding
those cures Alan to say that it
completely undermines my work it
undermines my colleagues work all the
doctors in America
and I think you know it's just wrong
have you researched their their work
your researcher right have you
researched I've heard a lot yes and and
and I went to school for for eight years
you know for for my PhD and I've been
through those eight years I've heard of
a lot of stuff especially on the mucus
thing and that mucus thing is just plain
not true for example like that's that's
just not how how the body works it's not
like that's not really help I'm sure you
guys have had this kind of reaction the
wealth of years most of the time yes
and I agree with him because he said he
went to school for eight years right I
agree with him their perspective is in
direct conflict with the perspective
that we have but I know for a fact ours
work because it is mucus we remove from
the body you know when when you have
sinusitis isn't it mucus clogging the
sinuses happy right now when you have
when you have bronchitis
it is mucus clogging the Bronco tubes if
you have asthma pneumonia
it is mucus on the lung so what I was
saying is that what we remove from the
body is mucus and then you say about
AIDS right yeah guess where the mucus is
a needs your skin your blood and your
lymphatic system which makes up your
immunological systems if I may interject
you have to also realize when it comes
to medical doctors they were actually
taught by researchers that were had to
do with the pharmaceutical companies the
pharmaceutical companies are actually
the ones who set up the medical system
now so when it comes to herbs when it
even comes to diet they don't get
training like they should in fact a lot
of doctors don't even get that many
classes on nutrition they actually send
you to a nutritionist and so I have many
doctors that come to me and ask me for
advice on what to eat and it's like but
you're a doctor didn't you research that
and they let me know actually they don't
teach us that much about it and when it
comes to earth they actually don't go
in-depth and even show the research that
is provided on say something like
burdock or dandelion so it's they don't
realize that they don't know and the
second a lot of people do come up to me
and say well you know if you cure H I
don't like to say that C word excuse me
if you guys address HIV the C word B C
word the see where cheese being cured
y'all Kasane i could i can't legally you
know we were Wanderers
you know whatever okay well I will say
it because it is about telling the truth
there is cure for every disease on the
planet there is Q it depends on what you
feel in your body and what minerals
you're gonna replace in the body from
you know the lack of minerals because
that's you know we died from lack of
oxygen bottom line regardless to what
you have you die from lack of oxygen
and if mucus is covering yourselves
especially the respiratory system you
are gonna die faster so when we said
Chris I appreciate your call Chris are
you a citizen and Chris do me a favor
cuz I'm curious if you look them up
going their website and do the knowledge
like you know I know you in the medical
field just for your own information just
research it and see what you find
I mean you've been doing you study for
eight years or so they study for decades
so it might be worth it to you Chris
I appreciate you alright thank you Chris
alright Chris wait yeah okay there you
go alright Chris I was talking about but
yeah I mean I agree with what he said
you know there's obviously
pharmaceutical influence you know with
with all all the doctors but I mean
these herbs and plants man I mean these
are the first things humans ever tried
out you know what I mean so there is
something in them you double where do
you think they get the what do you think
the pharmaceutical companies get there
they're meditating from the herbs they
take it and they take the herbs they put
it in you know they process it and so
that way they're able to put a name on
top of it and sell it to people well let
me tell you what they do
for instance they remove the active
ingredient from a plant and they use
just the active ingredient however
everything needs support the reason why
the other minerals were together with
the active ingredient because they need
support for each other you are taking it
in whole you cannot remove one active
ingredient this makes the plant volatile
you can do that with water and you'll
see you can make a bomb with just water
if you remove
of ingredients and Chris you're a
citizen man alright thank you thank you
brother I appreciate you man we got a
lot of folks on the line man just brave
from Florida Rashida from Colorado
Adrienne from Virginia King in Toronto
Charlene and Georgia Mike in Ohio
Christian Texas Kel's in Philly I want
to advise all you guys to go to their
website write and give out that website
information again I MTL international
for short Herbal Products com
h er ba l PR OD UC TS dot-com yeah i
wanna just thank you all for coming
because what we do here you know we give
people the opportunity to have a balance
you know we have the color like chris
who come from that medical side and
there's a lot of people who are
interested in natural I know myself
Tracy everyone in this room is also you
know interested in healing our body
naturally but I think there is so much
knowledge and information and I
appreciate you all sharing it and being
open to receiving all the citizens
calling and asking and being curious
about it so we loved it you know maybe
we'll do this again in the new year to
talk about it because this is a
evergreen topic well for right now what
you can do today to begin to help try to
stay away from animal products no egg no
milk no cheese no butter no meat no fish
no chicken Wesley
yeah listen carefully you know I was
talking to I was talking this morning
and I was saying that chicken is an
artificial animal if you look in the
jungle you would you'd find you'd find
other feathered birds but you would
never find a chicken other than West
Indians backyard a coal yard fall or in
a farm clustered together or either in
the grocery store already dead
there is no chicken in the jungle you'll
find ostrich pheasants all a good
variety of other birds but you would
never find a chicken and it's the same
thing goes with a cow
and the so called white meat pig please
do not eat those things isn't that from
migration though because if you think
about the jungle initially you never saw
white people there either are we talking
about specific you know the different
environment then well you know the
species will adapt evolve will change
the way they appear no specifically with
some of those like say for example the
chicken the chicken came from the type
of chicken that we eat now I believe
comes from a file that was in Madagascar
and they basically took that and they
bred it with other stuff right and it's
been changed over time so your body
wouldn't even recognize it like it would
be original gosh oh okay okay okay Wow
you also Twitter too right we're working
on that well we're working on it okay
okay it's just Facebook and Instagram
okay missus SEBI thank you for blessing
us with your presence I'm feeling better
already by the way Chris from the
medical field up a little better right
now man and you just had one teaspoon I
need another I would leave this with you
how much do I take like two teaspoons
each Cup one teaspoon to one ounce of
water that's how powerful it is you do
it twice a day twice a day hey don't say
the name again it's called Lupul oh it's
not really sold separately because as
we're breaking up inflammation we must
purify your blood and we must strengthen
yourself I would recommend it comes in
with a therapy and depending of course
and what you're dealing with that would
determine what your therapy would
consist of yes you can but it is the
dairy that really brings a lot of
military Jesus Jesus worse than meat and
I told you that meat is dangerous
she just Google how they make it or in
fact as I told some folks in Ireland
take a piece of cheese put it out in the
Sun and throw some coke
on it and you'll see all the worms
it's coca-cola yes mrs. save you know
thank you very much she's less pizza
yeah yes they do nothing but the cheese
don't like you it will really clog up
your optic nerve and probably and it
will cause you to be constipated because
it's like plaque in the system don't use
it make some hempseed geez talk about
marijuana before this so hemp seeds you
can buy that in in at the grocery store
now treated rules or whole foods and you
can make some hemp seed cheese if you're
literate so you get a pound of help save
hemp seeds you get a pound of it and you
get one key lime that that's those
little I you and you squeeze it in the
arm MC and then you get sea salts and
you know cheese is mostly salt actually
so you put some in there and you get
some sesame tahini which is like sesame
butter it's still not non-animal and you
mix it up you let it sit for about half
an hour you mix it up again
and that is one of the taste these
cheeses you can find sprinkle it on your
salad makes your salad tastes really
great hemp seed cheese that is mrs.
savvy ladies and gentlemen say your name
again man don't shrink oh go sinkhole
what it means if you want more
information go to international Herbal
Products int L Herbal Products calm and
also next-gen herbal products calm Thank
You Kelly cooker how can I reach you you
can reach me on our platforms Kelly can
ke ke LLY ki n ka ID
[Music]